I am attempting to run seven marathons
on all seven continents
in one week.
So far, I've completed [music] five of
seven marathons needed to receive the
coveted Great World Race Finisher medal.
In the last episode, I battled the
Australian sun with 82-year-old Dan
Little. Somebody's got to be the oldest
and the slowest, and I'm proud to be it.
Laughed through the desert [music] with
Adrian, who ran his first ever marathon
earlier this week. Joel and Adrian? I'm
all right.
>> Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> And thanks to the energy [music] of a
small town, ran my fastest marathon of
the week in Portugal. 4:42. Do you
realize what you've just done? Fastest
time for the fifth marathon. With only
two races to go,
>> [music]
>> we're about to run our hardest marathon
yet in Cartagena, Colombia. This type of
heat in this type of humidity is not
going to be kind to you. It's definitely
[music] going to show how depleted
people are. Michelle is in a dark place
right now. The sun is starting to come
up. It becomes a living war zone of
heat. This is the grand finale of the
Great World Race.
We have just landed in Cartagena,
Colombia. It's like [music] midnight.
It's 100% humidity. Oh my god. [music]
Oh, it's like a cloud. Our next race
starts in a few hours. And on top of all
of that,
my period just started.
To run my
sixth marathon of the week.
Oh my god.
Should I wear a tampon? My period has
just started. Oh god.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm not. I am.
It's
leaking down my leg right now. I feel
like everybody comes into this race and
has this
I feel like everybody comes into this
race and has this expectation of
Antarctica [music] is like so brutal
which it definitely is. So you should
feel that way
but I think that the silent killer is
marathon number six
and that's in Cartagena, Colombia.
Dan, so this is your fourth time doing
this.
It is.
A few days ago you told me this is
this is the week where you feel half
dead but most alive.
Totally exhausted
but never more alive at the same time.
I'm definitely feeling the half dead
[laughter] part, Dan.
It's 3:30 in the morning. We're getting
ready to start
and
it's a pivot. It's a shift from how we
did it the year before and the reason
we're doing it this way
is because two people last year ended up
in the hospital from heatstroke and heat
exhaustion. Somebody said two people had
heatstroke last year.
Yeah.
You know, this is the one that tests
character probably most in terms of
humidity. Um, last year when they got
off the plane, they said it was like
opening an oven door cuz it was during
the day. So starting in the dark is this
is a huge advantage compared to last
year. So we should try and get as many
miles in as we can while it's still
dark. Yeah, but not redlining and as
soon as the sun comes up, you are at
risk.
I honestly feel like I'm in like
a fever dream.
Only in your nightmares are you
running in this silent city
overnight.
It's so humid.
Everything hurts.
I feel like I'm just like
melting.
Nick, are you okay? [music]
Good, Nick? Yeah, it's just a bloody
nose. Bloody nose.
Okay. And here is where I'm really
starting to see people fall apart.
>> [music]
>> There's a racer on crutches. People are
stopping far more often. You ever
experienced anything like this? Yeah. Be
like It's just the humidity. I was sure.
But the only way I could strive running
the character Hain was think of maybe a
sauna in your local gym. Just feel just
just jog. Just jog it. That's exactly
how it felt.
>> felt.
Do you want me to spray your knees again
to see if that helps? Okay.
Thank you. Strong and happy. Think of
happy thoughts.
You little trooper, are you? Amazing you
are.
>> [laughter]
>> You're fine. Just keep moving. It's
supposed to be like this at some point.
It's okay.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm coming. Just stand up. I'm coming.
Let's go.
We got this.
It's okay.
I'M BELIEVING IN YOU.
OH MY GOD. [laughter]
WHAT THE
HECK, DUDE? We're almost there.
Thank you.
We got it. The [music] pain cave is it's
this crossing into an area of of suck, I
would [music] say. More suck is
happening
at this time of day. I know.
And the sun comes out
I know, it's so hot. But it's like
entering this zone where everything is
now very uncomfortable because of this
like insane [music] challenge that
you've taken on. It's crossing over, you
see, for a lot of people into the
unknown. It's new territory. It's
something that they haven't touched
before. And [music] that's where uh you
have a lot of opportunity to grow and to
really challenge yourself.
You know, secretly Yeah. I'm cheating
against you.
Oh, what do you mean?
Ever since you beat my ass in
Antarctica, I'm like,
"Hey, wait for me."
And [panting] then
you took the next one and I took one
and I think we're you're like one up on
me. Oh, okay. So,
you're doing
good job, you know?
>> [panting]
>> I look to Michelle and I I say,
"Michelle, we got to beat the sunlight.
As soon as the sun hits, the temperature
begins [music] to change and it
increases,
humidity increases,
it becomes a living
war zone of heat.
That's it.
This is life.
What it feels like to be alive today.
You got to love this.
The alternative
is no good.
I'm running at 6 ft.
No pain.
It's all growth right here, Michelle.
What you're feeling right here is all
growth.
Okay.
Michelle is in
dark place right now.
Physically, mentally, emotionally.
Tears are starting to flow. Is Michelle
okay? She looks pretty ropy there coming
through. She's just emotional. She's
hurting. It's 5 and 1/2 hours in. But I
haven't actually seen that expression on
her face this weekend. I put a lot of my
most vulnerable moments online
and in these episodes.
But Marathon 6 feels exceptionally
vulnerable to me.
I'm sort of battling [music]
a feminine shame
of
being on my period and everybody knows.
God hates women.
I'm just saying that.
Don't put that in the video.
I'm often still surprised at how much
internalized shame I have about it.
That it was still
a little embarrassing
to cry,
to bleed.
But then additional shame because of how
it impacts my
external state. [music]
All my self-doubt,
all my concerns, all of my anxiety.
I feel like when I told most people I
wanted to do this,
their response [music] was worry
and even trying to convince me to not do
it.
>> Of course, yeah.
I just
>> [crying]
>> like this has been so hard.
But I think I'd be just devastated that
there was another version of me that
didn't do this
for myself.
And that makes me really sad.
But also really happy that I did it.
I want to give you something
>> [crying]
>> to hold on
How old are you? I'm 33. Okay.
There are people [music] here old enough
to be your parents and your grandparents
that didn't
figure out what you just figured out at
33.
They didn't figure it out till today.
I was never an elite athlete.
And it was not until the age of 38 that
I did my first marathon. I have done 277
[music]
marathons or ultra-marathons.
I did 17K for 17 days in 2024 as a
fundraiser for my son, uh AJ, who passed
away after 17 wonderful days together.
And if we don't go outside our comfort
zones,
>> [music]
>> we'll never really grow.
I heard
the amount of followers
you have, size of it.
Entire city.
A big city.
Your followers who looks up to you.
But you, Michelle,
you have [music] a talent
that resonates with millions of people
and it's natural
for people to say, no, you can't do it.
That's [music] natural. They're supposed
to.
The ones who can, the ones who cannot.
And you are
>> [music]
>> one of the ones who can.
I can.
Michelle, this version of you
that you're going through, this version,
it's part of the journey.
And
I experienced it. I saw it happening in
others. I saw it happening in Michelle.
Thanks for being here. Yo.
Thank you
for being here. Thank you
for making
the world
a little bit better.
>> [music]
>> You still have a job to do.
Get it done.
Tomorrow
we celebrate.
>> [music]
>> But until then,
left foot, right foot. Left foot, right
foot. Through Colombia.
Vamos.
>> [music]
>> Six.
Yes.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Thanks, Doc.
For you. I thought the craziest thing I
would get to say from this week [music]
is I ran a marathon in Antarctica. Let
Let me one up that. I ran a marathon at
3:30 in the morning at 90% humidity in
Cartagena, Colombia
bleeding, on my period. And you know
what else that means? I ran every
marathon before that in my luteal phase.
Think about that.
SIXTH MARATHON DONE!
>> [screaming]
>> WE'RE GOING TO MIAMI, COACH!
>> [music]
>> HELLO, AARON. Happy weekend, everybody.
Things are going to wrap up pretty
nicely around here for this final
weekend before Thanksgiving. [music]
Morning sun heating things up. It's
going to be a scorcher out there. Uh
stay cool out there and enjoy your
weekend. Today is a really exciting day.
A day just a few months ago I wasn't
sure I would make it to, which is the
seventh day of running seven marathons
on all seven continents. It's a really
really exciting energy here in Miami
because a lot of people's family and
friends came out.
It's like everybody's supporters crowds
just people that have been watching a
live stream all around the world that
show up there and they're like, "Hey T
Tarks! The Tarks! I love the Tarks!"
Number seven, baby. It's a welcome to
Miami. It's been a pleasure. You feel
like a rock star like I've never
experienced anything. Just like
everything's pumping, right? You're
there. You made it. It's the finish
line. But I'm also really sad to say
goodbye to everybody. Dan, we just
wanted to say good luck. It was so good
to meet you this week. Have a great run
today. And I will get a picture [music]
with you later.
It's really rare to find a group like
this of people who are joyful and bold
enough to do something this crazy. It
was for sure worth it.
To have the privilege of getting to meet
and learn from and suffer with these
people.
I'm so proud of you. You're a rock star.
Strong woman.
And then we'll gel after today for a
while. I know that's right.
This has been great fun. I don't know
what a blast.
Run six down, one to go. We want to
thank you very much for joining US THIS
YEAR.
AND I WANT TO WISH you the best of luck.
All right, we get started here.
Three,
two,
one,
go!
>> [music]
>> I have my water.
Oh
Great start.
>> [music and cheering]
>> Just kind of in performance mode, which
is really amazing at the end of this.
She might might PR [music] today. She
ran a 4:42
in Portugal. She's kind of flying right
now. I think the euphoria that everyone
was under and the idea [music] that they
were just always one step closer to
finishing was the focus of the day. And
there were so many people around, so
many fans, so many supporters, so much
great energy. It was just inevitable
this was going to be a fantastic finish.
[music] Is that your daughter, by the
way, John? Yes.
Obviously.
My daughter Lex came out, which was cool
to have her there and run some laps with
me. That's my daughter. Hey there.
Where's your suit?
Now it feels [music] real. It feels like
a real race. There's signs and banners
and people on megaphones and speakers.
Back
in July, I flew to Miami on a layover.
The flight got canceled and I was stuck
here for a day, but I realized, "Hey,
I'm in Miami.
This is the finish line." And so, I ran
here
and I visualized
crossing the seventh finish line. And I
don't think I fully believed in myself,
but I'm really glad I did cuz I'm going
to. We're going to cross the finish line
in Miami.
It's amazing. There's just always more
to give. Yeah.
There's always more.
Even when I
don't think I have it,
I do.
Yeah.
I really do.
I have so much more to give.
And by the way, you're doing this
great pace today, I have to say.
>> [music]
>> Pace is right up there. How many miles
does your watch say we've done?
10.8.
Bunch of our friends made a video for me
sending messages. [music]
I want to play it. Do it.
Go for it. It give me a little spirit.
>> [music]
>> Michelle, it's Cleo. You are crushing
this. We are all cheering for you. I
know how hard you've been working for
this. I know without a shadow of a doubt
that there is no chance that you wake up
tomorrow and you think to yourself that
you didn't give everything you've got in
this final marathon. You got this.
[music] Let's go.
If there was one human on this planet
that I would put my money on actually
accomplishing it,
it's you. [music] What you've got is in
the brain. It's like your mentality on
these things. So, you're probably going
to need that. Here, dig deep. You got
this.
You are a little insane for this one,
[music] and I think you already know
that, but
soak it in. Like really appreciate how
ridiculous [music] it is that you were
able to turn all this into a reality and
to make sick videos in the process. What
a dream. Ever since you got your black
belt, I feel like you're part of my
family. We are all cheering [music] for
you. So, finish this race, and after
you're done, let's have a nice party.
How's that? Okay? When I'm going through
something that seems impossible, I
actually frequently ask myself, "What
would Michelle do?" And the answer is
pretty much always [music] she would not
give up. Are you thinking about giving
up?
Don't.
>> [laughter]
>> As the ancient saying goes, keep going.
Do it [music] for the little girl that
watches your videos,
>> [music]
>> that finds inspiration in who you are
and what you do. Do it for her. Keep
going. I can't believe
I'm going to actually do this.
I'm actually going to do it. Spent the
past 6 months in hell training for this,
and I am going to earn it.
I'm going to earn it. Say always
always have more to give.
Always.
I'm going to finish in Miami, and I'm
going to make myself so proud.
You're on the final stretch. This is it.
>> I am so proud of you, and I hope that
you are proud of yourself. Myself and
everyone at Yes Theory is cheering for
you. I know there've been times you
didn't believe you could do this, but we
believe in you. Just know that you got a
lot of people, including us, cheering
you on.
Don't forget that all of your training
[music] has led you up to this moment,
and that every step you take has
purpose. You're in the final stretch.
Step after step. Take baby [music] steps
if you have to, and get that last
marathon in the books, baby. Yeah,
Michelle!
What motivated you to sign up for this?
My kids. I want them to know that
there's a lot of great people out there,
and you got to be out there to go
experience the people and build a
community. And the more you love on
others, the more they love on you. I
just kept thinking this entire run, it's
about we. Like my wife said, you did it,
but it's all about we. So, can't do it
[music] without her.
Can't do it without the families.
Every single day is a gift. We don't get
a lot of time on this earth, [music] so
use every single day to the fullest.
17 days.
That's all it was. Really hard 17 days.
It's not really a lot.
So, there's been so much in my life that
I've experienced because AJ lived. I
hope that he's proud. Just I hope he's
proud of
pushed myself to do these
events and experiences [music]
just because of his
just because of his moment that he had
with us.
>> [music]
>> Couldn't have scripted a better ending
to using this. One more lap. You're
rocking this.
I am.
I know the blessings of me being alive,
and I wouldn't be able to do this, let
alone finish this. Beautiful people, and
uh
just blessed.
>> [music]
>> You did it.
We got it done. If you're scared of
pain, you're missing out. The growth is
happening right here. I couldn't have
done it without these two right here.
Running with me.
Did this
challenge
cuz I wanted to see who I would be
if I could do it.
I was just having all these doubts and
it's just this community is so special.
Nice job. I did it.
And they helped me cross so many finish
[music] lines this week
that I wasn't sure I would be able to.
I have
so much more to give. I finished this
marathon. There's my Miami North
American medal.
>> [music]
>> Under five. Under five.
Let's go.
Congratulations.
So proud of you.
>> [music]
>> The global marathon was happening right
now.
I've [music] been dreaming about
crossing this finish line for six
months.
Look at this.
Got my lucky underwear on.
You can never get rid of this underwear.
>> The group of people
strangers,
but you bond so fast.
You You share an experience, so you just
[music] kind of bond for life.
One lesson would be just to not assume
that you have
limits.
That we can all do more than we think we
can.
And that if we push ourselves,
we push our mind, our hearts, our souls,
it'll be good.
And life will be better.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Thank you so much for making [music] it
to the end of our first ever three-part
series on Challenge Accepted. If you
enjoyed all of that and want to see even
more, there is a video live right now on
the Adobe video [music] channel that
shows the entire behind-the-scenes
process of how we pulled off this
production. We have made all 60-plus
[music] episodes of Challenge Accepted
in the Adobe Creative Cloud, and we are
so thankful to Adobe for sponsoring this
episode and making storytelling like
[music] this on YouTube possible. Thanks
so much for watching, and I'll see you
for the next episode.